README.md, before:

# Docdoctor

A tool for hacking rST

## Build & Run

Clone the repo, then:

```sh
cd docdoctor
npm install
npm run build
node ./build/main --help
```

## Commands (Incomplete List)

### Readability

The `getReadabilityText` command takes file paths as arguments, delimited
by spaces. Pass in a snooty.toml with the flag `--snootyTomlPath`.

This command parses traverses nodes in each file to convert the rst to plain
text. It outputs the plain text for each file as a new file in an `output`
directory, using the same name and directory structure as the input path.

For example, an rST file at `test/delete-a-realm.txt` outputs as plain text
to `output/test/delete-a-realm.txt`.

In addition to converting the rST to plain text, this command removes
markup and things that would skew readability scores, such as code examples.
It also adds punctuation to titles and makes other small tweaks to things
that would otherwise falsely impact the readability score of the page text.

Usage Example:

```shell
node ./build/main getReadabilityText test/readability/delete-a-realm.txt --snootyTomlPath=test/readability/snooty.toml
```

Commit message:

Update README and add comments with some basic info about command

README.md, after:

# Docdoctor

A tool for hacking rST

## Build & Run

Clone the repo, then:

```sh
cd docdoctor
npm install
npm run build
node ./build/main --help
```

## Commands (Incomplete List)

### Readability

The `getReadabilityText` command takes file paths as arguments, delimited
by spaces. Pass in a snooty.toml with the flag `--snootyTomlPath`.

This command parses nodes in each file to convert the rst to plain
text. It outputs the plain text for each file as a new file in an `output`
directory, using the same name and directory structure as the input path.

For example, an rST file at `test/delete-a-realm.txt` outputs as plain text
to `output/test/delete-a-realm.txt`.

In addition to converting the rST to plain text, this command removes
markup and things that would skew readability scores, such as code examples.
It also adds punctuation to titles and makes other small tweaks to things
that would otherwise falsely impact the readability score of the page text.

Usage Example:

```shell
node ./build/main getReadabilityText test/readability/delete-a-realm.txt --snootyTomlPath=test/readability/snooty.toml
```

### Get Code Examples

The `getCodeExamples` command:

- Gets all code nodes, literalinclude nodes, and iocodeblock nodes in a subset of projects using the Snooty API
- Gets language details about each node
- Writes the individual code nodes to files in `output/code-example-blocks` for a separate categorization step
- Writes reports for each repo summarizing the details and listing details for each page to files in
  `output/code-example-reports` for aggregation and further processing

Usage Example:

```shell
node ./build/main getCodeExamples
```
